Welcome. This week I will
go over autocorrect.
It is how your
misspelled words are
corrected automatically
to the right ones.
You know it already from your
email clients on your phone.
Let me show you how it works.
Let's go over this week's
learning objectives.
You will learn about
autocorrect conceptually.
You've most likely used it in
your phone or Word processor.
But what is autocorrect exactly?
It's going to mean
slightly different things
depending on the context.
You will learn about
the nuances this week.
You'll practice building a
model to perform autocorrect.
You'll learn each step
in autocorrect and
key concepts to prepare you
for the coding assignments.
When performing autocorrect,
you'll learn to be able to
quantify how far apart or
different to strings are.
Ask how many letters you can
change to go from one
string to another.
To do this, you will learn to
measure minimum edit distance.
You will implement a really
interesting algorithmic
approach for
solving the minimum
edit distance
called dynamic programming.
At the end of the lecture,
you'll demonstrate your
new skills and put
all these techniques to work
in this week's assignments.
Exciting content.
I'm looking forward to
tell you everything
about how you will be
building your autocorrect.
One very important
concept is that
the autocorrect you will be
building uses
dynamic programming.
This comes up again and again
in technical interviews.
But first, let's
get started with
an overview of autocorrect
in the next video.